Wait, was that a live move?
That was definitely a live move...
$20 says they won't be standing in the light
Sh*t, that also needs to be a cue
Time 3... no 2.... no... 2.5
If only this was an LED...
Is this going to track?
About time for coffee I think
Front light at 50. Wait, ew.... Out.
Side light at 50. Yaaaas. Update enter.
Cyc red. No green. Ew. Purple? No. Ok, blue it is.
Why are they wearing white?
Will they be wearing that for the show?
Ok, yes. Talked to the director, we're going to undo all that
Ah, sh*t, forgot to start Vor
Where in the hell is that light coming from?
No, the orchestra can't bring their own lights
This is definitely a choice. Not my choice, but it's a choice
Why do we even have that lever?
Lights have been ready this whole time
No sorry, I need another minute
Let's just use OSC for that
Well, that's as good as we're going to get that. Moving on.
No, I can't light the actor upstage without hitting the cyc
Oh, they're entering through the house now?
This is now just a physics problem
This is now just a materials science problem
This is now just a trainwreck
Ope, that was just crap focused
What was that flash - oh d*mnit, lamp burned out. Work note!
Is that on spike?
Can we spike it now?
We’re gonna redo this tomorrow
Cmon dude
Why are we putting in a new production number with 5 minutes left in rehearsal?
Eww, that was ugly
What tf is Chan 409 doing in 253?
LOVE the neon fx going into q487
Lightning flash bangs the audience….tilt up
I just realized I haven’t eaten anything today and it’s 10pm…
take the next cue, take the next cue, take the next cue…why haven’t we taken it yet?
That button was perfect!!
Fx in q197 is too much. Take it out q only.
What does this cue do? Nothing? Delete 437 q only
I wish I had more side light
Delay the stairs going out on Danny slightly longer -  2 sec
There live move on open cue? Q 272 last
Re-work this entire song
Ope, that tracked and wasn’t supposed to…
Delay g1 and 4 coming up in q113 last
Q115ish M went out and shouldn’t have
This texture isn’t working
Did that actor exit early? Did they change blocking? Why didn’t they tell me?
Change Kira and Danny after Dancin to mimic the color from the before times
Was there a live move in q153 or was that a spotlight?
In theatre fix specials on all set pieces and shutter off walls
Af after kiss was too soon and too quick
First don’t walk away q353 last last doesn’t work. Just leave the backlight and delete q only (if nothing else moves)
Add movement to q196
Ahh, did that decoder get set to 16bit? Change the profile real quick!
I'm sorry, did you say you guys added a scene?
I'll fix it later.  Let's keep going so we can leave.
Let's make that a follow cue. Mmm. Hang.
Are they going to start onstage or offstage?
Don't wait for me!
What's the minimum amount of light the actors need?
Do these have Deep Red? No? Dang.
GOING DARK!
WHY is that light on right now?
Who designed this?
Cue 40 - FIX!
Cue 41 - Just redo this song!
Where is my light? Oh, wrong channel.
Block enter block enter
Pan right pan right Nope! other way other way
Let’s just do the show in work lights
Why did that turn purple? Oh, because I told it to turn purple.
Who put that building architecture in front of my light?
If only someone had LABELLED THIS CUE.
GOING DARKER
GOING DARK-ISH
Was she always wearing that?
Not even the director wants to watch this anymore.
My kingdom for a fly system.
... I need to add a light.
Don't wait for me to stop typing. I might never stop typing.
Did you want to be in the correct cue for this scene?
Channel 1 Out. 3 Out. 21? 23? What else is on?
I try to let the pyro team start all the fires, if possible.
Will we see all the actors together before opening?
....Interesting choice...
Turn that light off. No that one. The other one.
Please don't use duct tape.